README.md, before:

# Verto Frontend

This project contains the main features of the verto application.

If you want to contribute, please refer to the [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) of this project.

## Chart View

To create new transactions ES transforms used in the chart view for new pairs, you can use the script `scripts/create-es-transform-transactions.ts`
It is necessary to have an API KEY with the right privilages.
Example: `ALL_TIME=false ES_NODE_URL=https://testnet.rebus.money:9200 ES_API_KEY=MlZxU3JZa0J3ODh5TmlPYlJ5N1Y6TUZJZmhtQ1RSZGVjZXhGNTJpeDNSUQ== TOKEN_0=WREBUS TOKEN_1=VERTO yarn create-es-transform-transactions`

If you set `ALL_TIME` to `true`, the transform will be created without a range in the query and the index will be deleted first, meaning it will fetch data from all time and aggregate it. You want to do this usually on the first time if there is old data, then re-run with `ALL_TIME` set to `false`.

## Documentation

- [Info](doc/Info.md)
- [Cypress tests](doc/Cypress.md)

> Install dependencies using **yarn**

## `apps/web`
<details>
<summary>
How to start
</summary>

```sh
yarn
```

start the development server
```sh
yarn dev
```

build with production mode
```sh
yarn build

# start the application after build
yarn start
```
</details>


## Packages

| Package                                                       | Description                                                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [sdk](/packages/swap-sdk)                                     | An SDK for building applications on top of Verto                                                                 |
| [swap-sdk-core](/packages/swap-sdk-core)                      | Swap SDK Shared code                                                                                                   |
| [wagmi](/packages/wagmi)                                      | Extension for [wagmi](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/wagmi), including bsc chain and binance wallet connector            |

Commit message:

DEV-799 - Fix misc error on swap page - Fix script to create es transforms for currency pairs

README.md, after:

# Verto Frontend

This project contains the main features of the verto application.

If you want to contribute, please refer to the [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) of this project.

## Chart View

To create new transactions ES transforms used in the chart view for new pairs, you can use the script `scripts/create-es-transform-transactions.ts`
It is necessary to have an API KEY with the right privilages.
Example: `ALL_TIME=true ES_NODE_URL=https://api.vertotrade.com:9200 ES_API_KEY="ME9xWklvb0J3eDZMVjZOazV4bWw6aV9VeEpGN25SZzJCUmQxZ3E2RVppUQ==" yarn create-es-transform-transactions`

The credentials above are for TESTNET, if creating transforms on MAINNET, then use MAINNET credentials.

If you set `ALL_TIME` to `true`, the transform will be created without a range in the query and the index will be deleted first, meaning it will fetch data from all time and aggregate it. You want to do this usually on the first time if there is old data, then re-run with `ALL_TIME` set to `false`.

The script will create transforms for all the pairs defined in the file `scripts/create-es-transform-transactions` with the variable `CURRENCIES`.

## Documentation

- [Info](doc/Info.md)
- [Cypress tests](doc/Cypress.md)

> Install dependencies using **yarn**

## `apps/web`
<details>
<summary>
How to start
</summary>

```sh
yarn
```

start the development server
```sh
yarn dev
```

build with production mode
```sh
yarn build

# start the application after build
yarn start
```
</details>


## Packages

| Package                                                       | Description                                                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [sdk](/packages/swap-sdk)                                     | An SDK for building applications on top of Verto                                                                 |
| [swap-sdk-core](/packages/swap-sdk-core)                      | Swap SDK Shared code                                                                                                   |
| [wagmi](/packages/wagmi)                                      | Extension for [wagmi](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/wagmi), including bsc chain and binance wallet connector            |
